>> Sarah: Cool, so
let's do an exercise really quickly.
Take your component solution or
this pen exactly,
and let me make sure that it's public.
>> Sarah: And set it up with Vue-CLI and
do a real build process.
So just refactor this pen
like what I had just done for
you when we were live coding together,
and set this up in Vue-CLI.
If you want to,
you can try to set it up Nuxt instead.
I'm not gonna make you do that
if you don't want to, but
if you're extra curious about Nuxt,
you can do something like that in routing.
But for the base exercise,
let's set it up with Vue-CLI,
and I'll give you 15 minutes for that.
>> Speaker 2: There's a few questions,
what's the difference between
a Vue PWA template and Nuxt?
>> Sarah: Well, for a Vue PWA template,
they're actually not terribly compatible.
Because like you saw in
that nuxt.config file,
we are actually having to do all
of the server-side rendering.
So that PWA template Is assumptive of
a completely different build process.
So that PWA template is gonna do
a whole bunch of different type of code
splitting and stuff.
So they both have code splitting, but that
nuxt.config versus that index.html file,
those are very, very different ways
of setting up the application.
So both of them are fast, I would say.
And vue init pwa is really nice, but
if you need server-side rendering,
I would go for the Nuxt starter and
work with that instead of the PWA.
They're different build processes,
they're not compatible because of
the way that they're done right now.
I think in the future, Nuxt and the team
that made that progressive web app page
are gonna work more closely together.
But at this time there is a lot that you
lose going to the PWA that Nuxt has,
and you'd have to re-setup
all of that configuration.
So it's really not worth,
they're not really the same.
>> Speaker 2: Then Jacob's saying,
I hear great things about Nuxt,
like what you're saying.
However, at what point
should I try to learn it and
incorporate it in
a project professionally?
>> Sarah: I think we're gonna
kind of address that in the next
section a little bit.
But I think when you start setting up
an application where you need routing,
you can use Vue Router, and
Vue Router is really great.
I don't use Vue Router, though,
I use Nuxt for my routing.
Because I think that that
server-side rendering in the perf,
it kinda speaks for it, after running
those tests I was really kind of sold.
So I would say when your project
starts developing many pages,
and you really want it to
be as fast as possible,
that's a good time to start
thinking about using Nuxt.
>> Speaker 3: So when you're showing us
the main menu tag, and right underneath
there's the nuxt tag Are you saying that
when you transition from page to page,
the only thing that's updated in the DOM
is actually the contents of the nuxt tag,
and the main menu element
actually stays there?
>> Sarah: No, no, no, it's actual routing.
As far as I'm concerned, it is actually
routing from page to page, but
it just keeps it consistent.
And also because it's sever-side rendered,
it's really, really fast for
it to understand that file because
you've already brought it in before.
>> Speaker 3: So as I understand it,
Nuxt does client-side routing too.
So when you go to a new page, it doesn't
download, doesn't hit the server for
everything.
It just hits the server for
some stuff and does a partial DOM update,
is that-
>> Sarah: Yeah,
I don't know a ton about the internals,
and some stuff is moving because what,
so I was gonna talk about
this in the animation part.
But Nuxt is incrementing
to a 1.0 version right now,
it previously was not quite at 1.0.
It was waiting for
this Vue release that came out yesterday
in order to be able to release.
So some stuff is updating.
Like there's a bunch of stuff
that's getting fixed and
updating in this new version.
So I think that there's enough moving
parts that what I would do is,
when that 1.0 version lands,
which should be in the next few weeks,
is look at the release notes for that.